
Create hibernate mapping xml file to map Product POJO class with product table in the database.

Describe about HQL and write HQL queries to retrieve, update and delete data from DB.

Develop a hibernate application to retrieve all records with more than 2 columns from PRODUCT table using HQL.

Develop a MVC application using,and tags with the following details:
i) create index.html with the given fields like pid,pname and price
ii) create a model class called 'Product' with required variables, setters and getters and a method to storeproduct details into DB.
iii) create a controller jsp to capture the data coming from html form using the above tags
iv) createview jsp to display the product details using action tags.

Implement a jsp application using URL-Rewriting technique.

Create the spring configuration xml file for spring interacting with JDBC.

Configure Student bean in spring configuration xml file using constructor injection with the following properties studId,studName, studCourse and fees.

Develop a spring IOC application using constructor injection with List of student names.

Implement the spring IOC application using constructor injection with primitive and string based values

Develop a hibernate application to retrieve all records with all columns from database table using HQL.

Develop a spring IOC application to explain the Dependency injection using setter approach with the following details:
i)Dependent class is Student
ii) Dependencies in Student are studId, studName and Address (here Address is another class)
iii) Address class contains the variables like street, city and state.
iv) create spring bean configuration file
v) then writeTestClient program

Mr. ABC wants to provide mapping between Department POJO and Department table in the database using hibernate.so please help him to write proper hibernate mapping xml file only.

Explain about MVC design pattern with neat diagram.

The following form contains Student details. create cookies for the form fields after capturing from the form and add thosecookies to the response using jsp.

Implement a hibernate application to retrieve the data from database table by applying some restrictions using HCQL.

Develop a jsp appication using HttpCookie concept.

Implement a Hibernate application which will perform all CRUD operations on single Record.

Define Session. And list out the different types of Session Handling techniques in JSP.

Configure Employee bean in spring configuration xml file using setter injection with the following propertiesempId,empName,empDesig and empSal.

Develop a Hibernate application to perform all insert, update and retrieve operations on Single Record in Product table inthe database.

Implement the spring IOC application using setter injection with primitive and string based values

Develop a spring IOC application to perform Dependency injection with Set Collection property.

Develop a spring application which is integrating with JDBC.

John wants to provide mapping between Employee POJO and Employee table in the database using hibernate. so please helphim to write proper hibernate mapping xml file only.

A professor is trying to configure connection details, hibernate details and mapping files details. So help him to write properhibernate configuration xml file

The following form contains Employee details. create cookies for the form fields after capturing from the form and addthose cookies to the response using jsp.

Implement a hibernate application to read all the records with single column from table using HQL.

Develop a jsp application using session handling technique called HttpSession.

Develop a hibernate inheritance mapping application using Table per concrete class

A student is struggling in configuring Student Bean in spring bean configuration xml file with properties like sid, sname,course and fees using setter approach. So help him.

Define Spring framework. And list out the modules in Spring framework.

Implement the spring IOC application using constructor injection with primitive and string based values

Create spring bean configuration file to interact with HIBERNATE from spring framework.

Implement a spring application which is integrating with Hibernate.

Develop a Spring MVC application which will display a message like "WELCOME TO SPRING MVC"

